Update msal-net-acquire-token-silently.md (#101182)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-acquire-token-silently.md

# Get a token from the token cache using MSAL.NET

When you acquire an access token using the Microsoft Authentication Library for .NET (MSAL.NET), the token is cached. When the application needs a token, it should try to fetch it from the cache first.

You can monitor the source of the tokens by inspecting the `AuthenticationResult.AuthenticationResultMetadata.TokenSource` property

> ## Web Sites and Web Apis

Reviewer: ## Websites and web APIs

ASP.NET Core and ASP.NET Classic websites should integrate with [Microsoft.Identity.Web](microsoft-identity-web.md), a wrapper for MSAL.NET. Memory token caching or distributed token caching can be configured as described in [token cache serialization](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnetcore). 

> Web Apis using MSAL directly, by calling `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` API, should configure memory or distributed caching, as described [here](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). Ther is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Web APIs on ASP.NET Core should use Microsoft.Identity.Web. Web APIs on ASP.NET classic, use MSAL directly, by calling `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf`, and should configure memory or distributed caching, as described [here](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). Ther is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.
```

> Web APIs on ASP.NET Core should use Microsoft.Identity.Web. Web APIs on ASP.NET classic, use MSAL directly, by calling `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf`, and should configure memory or distributed caching, as described [here](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). There is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Web APIs on ASP.NET Core should use Microsoft.Identity.Web. Web APIs on ASP.NET classic, use MSAL directly, by calling `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` and should configure memory or distributed caching. For more information, see [Token cache serialization in MSAL.NET](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). There is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.
```
MS Style

## Web service / Daemon apps 

> Applications which request tokens for an app identity, with no user involved, by calling `AcquiretTokenForClient` can either rely on MSAL's internal caching, define their own memory token caching or distributed token caching, as per instructions [here](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Applications which request tokens for an app identity, with no user involved, by calling `AcquiretTokenForClient` can either rely on MSAL's internal caching, define their own memory token caching or distributed token caching. For instructions and more information, see [Token cache serialization in MSAL.NET](msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet). 
```

> Since no user is involved, there is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. `AcquiretTokenForClient` will look in the cache on its own. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size is proportional with the number of tenants and resources you need tokens for. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since no user is involved, there is no need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` API. `AcquireTokenForClient` will look in the cache on its own. There is no API to clear the cache. Cache size is proportional with the number of tenants and resources you need tokens for. Cache size can be managed by setting eviction policies on the underlying cache store, such as MemoryCache, Redis etc.
```

> ## Desktop, command line and mobile application

Reviewer: ## Desktop, command-line, and mobile applications

> Desktop, command line and mobile application should first call the `AcquireTokenSilent` method to verify if an acceptable token is in the cache. In many cases, it's possible to acquire another token with more scopes based on a token in the cache. It's also possible to refresh a token when it's getting close to expiration (as the token cache also contains a refresh token).

Reviewer: Desktop, command-line, and mobile applications should first call the `AcquireTokenSilent` method to verify if an acceptable token is in the cache. In many cases, it's possible to acquire another token with more scopes based on a token in the cache. It's also possible to refresh a token when it's getting close to expiration (as the token cache also contains a refresh token).
